what's up casual clashers I'm gun shy
today we're doing that giveaway video
that you guys requested so I hope you
guys are excited you guys might be able
to pick up an account really easy to do
so basically all you guys have to do is
leave a comment like the video and be
subscribed all find people in the
comments and then I'll check their
subscribe and then a bug alright they
won here they go set up all the
transactions the actual giveaway is
going to happen in a week from today
that this video is posted so a week from
now I'll be making another video or
morning these accounts out this first
account here is a snowzilla account just
a one legendary count you know you'll be
picking up that druid and that palladin
pretty soon it only takes a month so
then you'll be getting a gem only hero
that should really help you out this is
just the first account they're only
going to get better from here on out
guys another note this account was a
hundred and eleven thousand HB on it on
our second account not only do you have
snowzilla but you're also going to pick
up succubus one of my favorite heroes so
strong in the arena it's ridiculous and
atlantic or the best tank in the game so
this one's three legends amazing account
I'm sure whoever gets this one is going
to be able to make a really really good
team out of it and this team is really
really built towards the arena already
these are great heroes for the arena
hopefully you'll be able to get way up
there get your Mike inflate that stuff
get those five builders maybe is your
first Jam say Vincent yeah this account
can really go far so good luck to
everyone hope you get this one now we're
gonna move on to our third account our
third account is going to be a two
legendary count this one's gonna have
palladin and thunder god so Thunder God
is exactly that he is a God in this game
just absolutely Rex basis I love him so
good luck to everyone who's looking to
get this Thunder God account and also
you know what it comes with yeah badass
werewolf so look at this guy he's come
for / 5 berserk not a bad elite to hub
probably the best talent I've seen on a
wolf and also take note of the monstrous
amount of HP 116,000 HB enough to get
any account rolling
moving on to our fourth and final
account but surely not our worst one
this one is three legends on it this one
comes with a ninja Thunder God and
palladin so three awesome legendary
heroes to help for anyone and the best
thing about this account guys every
single here comes with a 3 of 9 talent
so it is they are on their way up 3 of
nines a great start for you guys to have
on these guys alright guys so those are
all the accounts i'm going to be giving
away in this video just to review what
we went over we had the snowzilla
account with 110 HP we had the ninja
Thunder God pally account the succubus
AC snowzilla account and the Thunder God
blood and werewolf account so those are
all for the accounts just to remind you
guys how to get into this contest you
just have to leave a comment in the
description and be subscribed and after
a week i will put all the names in the
comments into a randomizer to pick out
four accounts that are going to be the
lucky winners of this month's giveaway
and guys big shout-out to everyone that
helped with this giveaway thank you guys
so much for the accounts and guys make
sure if you get these accounts you give
a big thank you to these guys if you see
them on the forms and that would be Zeno
I'll Gaga ace and YF waste y / yogurt
also guys I don't want to let my iOS
guys hang out to dry so if any of you
guys play iOS and you have an account to
give away even if it's just one
legendary I would really appreciate it
because I want to give back to not only
my android community but my iOS
community as well alrighty then that
concludes today's video and yeah I guess
I'll see you guys in the next one idea